Change formatting/wording to be more explicit in express-middleware.mdx (#7561)
apollographql/apollo-server: docs/source/api/express-middleware.mdx

> See [Configuring CORS](../security/cors#specifying-origins) for guidance on configuring the CORS behavior of your project.

> The `expressMiddleware` function accepts two arguments. The first **required** argument is an instance of `ApolloServer` that has called the `start` method:

Reviewer: `ApolloServer` doesn't call it, so this reads a bit off too. Here's my suggestion:
```suggestion
The `expressMiddleware` function accepts two arguments. The first **required** argument is an instance of `ApolloServer` that has been started by calling its `start` method:
```

Author: Ok, awesome makes sense. Should I keep the change to the comments?
